<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>

<!--FILE INFORMATION

OMA Permanent Document
   File: OMA-SUP-MO_DiagMon_Function_DataCallDataSession-V1_1-20131008-A
   Type: Text

Public Reachable Information
   Path: http://www.openmobilealliance.org/tech/omna/dm_mo/
   Name: mo_diagmon_function_datacalldatasession-v1_1.ddf

NORMATIVE INFORMATION

  Information about this file can be found in the latest revision of

    OMA-TS-DiagMon_Functions-V1_2-20131008-A

  This is available at http://www.openmobilealliance.org/

  Send comments to technical-comments@mail.openmobilealliance.org

CHANGE HISTORY
08102013 Status changed to Approved by TP, TP Ref # OMA-TP-2013-0311-INP_DiagMon_V1_2_ERP_for_Final_Approval
	
LEGAL DISCLAIMER

Use of this document is subject to all of the terms and conditions
of the Use Agreement located at
	http://www.openmobilealliance.org/UseAgreement.html

You may use this document or any part of the document for internal
or educational purposes only, provided you do not modify, edit or
take out of context the information in this document in any manner.
Information contained in this document may be used, at your sole
risk, for any purposes.

You may not use this document in any other manner without the prior
written permission of the Open Mobile Alliance.  The Open Mobile
Alliance authorizes you to copy this document, provided that you
retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the
original materials on any copies of the materials and that you
comply strictly with these terms.  This copyright permission does
not constitute an endorsement of the products or services.  The
Open Mobile Alliance assumes no responsibility for errors or
omissions in this document.

Each Open Mobile Alliance member has agreed to use reasonable
endeavors to inform the Open Mobile Alliance in a timely manner of
Essential IPR as it becomes aware that the Essential IPR is related
to the prepared or published specification.  However, the members
do not have an obligation to conduct IPR searches.  The declared
Essential IPR is publicly available to members and non-members of
the Open Mobile Alliance and may be found on the "OMA IPR
Declarations" list at http://www.openmobilealliance.org/ipr.html.
The Open Mobile Alliance has not conducted an independent IPR review
of this document and the information contained herein, and makes no
representations or warranties regarding third party IPR, including
without limitation patents, copyrights or trade secret rights.  This
document may contain inventions for which you must obtain licenses
from third parties before making, using or selling the inventions.
Defined terms above are set forth in the schedule to the Open Mobile
Alliance Application Form.

NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) ARE
MADE BY THE OPEN MOBILE ALLIANCE OR ANY OPEN MOBILE ALLIANCE MEMBER
OR ITS AFFILIATES REGARDING ANY OF THE IPR'S REPRESENTED ON THE "OMA
IPR DECLARATIONS" LIST, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS, VALIDITY OR RELEVANCE OF THE INFORMATION OR WHETHER OR
NOT SUCH RIGHTS ARE ESSENTIAL OR NON-ESSENTIAL.

THE OPEN MOBILE ALLIANCE IS NOT LIABLE FOR AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF
DOCUMENTS AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE DOCUMENTS.

Copyright 2013 Open Mobile Alliance Ltd.  All Rights Reserved.
Used with the permission of the Open Mobile Alliance Ltd. under the
terms set forth above.

-->
<!DOCTYPE MgmtTree PUBLIC "-//OMA//DTD-DM-DDF 1.2//EN" "http://www.openmobilealliance.org/tech/DTD/DM_DDF-V1_2.dtd"[<?oma-dm-ddf-ver supported-versions="1.2"?>]><MgmtTree>
  <VerDTD>1.2</VerDTD>
  <Node>
    <NodeName/>
    <!-- Status: Optional -->
    <DFProperties>
      <AccessType>
        <Get/>
      </AccessType>
      <DFFormat>
        <node/>
      </DFFormat>
      <Occurrence>
        <One/>
      </Occurrence>
      <DFTitle>This interior node is a placeholder for the Data Call and Data Session MO.</DFTitle>
      <DFType>
        <DDFName>urn:oma:mo:oma-diag:DataCallAndDataSession:1.1</DDFName>
      </DFType>
    </DFProperties>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>Description</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Optional -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <chr/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <ZeroOrOne/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
    </Node>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>ServerID</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Optional -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <chr/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <ZeroOrOne/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
    </Node>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>DiagMonConfig</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Required -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <node/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <One/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <DDFName/>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>ConfigParms</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Required -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <node/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <One/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <DDFName/>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>BearerType</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node specifies the BearerType for which all the individual data sessions information associated with the different data calls are collected.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>DataCallApp</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This optional node specifies the Data Call application for which all the individual data sessions information with the relevant data call are collected.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SampleDuration</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node specifies the duration in seconds of data samples collected during data session.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SampleUplinkDataThreshold</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node specifies the minimum number of uplink data (in kilobytes) before data is to be recorded.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SampleDownlinkDataThreshold</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node specifies the minimum number of Downlink data (in kilobytes) before data is to be recorded.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
      </Node>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>DiagDataURL</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Optional -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <chr/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <ZeroOrOne/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
      </Node>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>DefDuration</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Optional -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <int/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <ZeroOrOne/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
      </Node>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>DefMemory</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Optional -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <int/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <ZeroOrOne/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
      </Node>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>ReportCondition</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Optional -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <node/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <ZeroOrOne/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <DDFName/>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>Frequency</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <ZeroOrOne/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>ReportChannel</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
              <Replace/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SMSRecipient</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
              <Replace/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>USSDRecipient</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
              <Replace/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
      </Node>
    </Node>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>DiagMonData</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Required -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <node/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <One/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <DDFName/>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
      <Node>
        <NodeName/>
        <!-- Status: Required -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <node/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <ZeroOrMore/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>This interior node acts as a placeholder for all the collected data sessions information of the data calls.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <DDFName/>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SessionCount</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <int/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the information about the serial counter of the session.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SessionInfo</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <xml/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the information about the session such as bearer type, data call application and other supported information (e.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <DDFName/>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SessionTimeStamp</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the time stamp of a session start.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>SessionDuration</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <float/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the duration of the session expressed in seconds.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>UplinkDataSize</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <float/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the amount of data uploaded in a session, expressed in kilobytes.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>DownlinkDataSize</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <float/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the amount of data downloaded in a session, expressed in kilobytes.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>UplinkDataSpeed</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <float/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the speed of the uplink data of a session, expressed in kilobytes per second.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>DownlinkDataSpeed</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <float/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the speed of the downlink data of a session, expressed in kilobytes per second.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>UplinkOneWayDelay</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the value, for the Uplink connection, of the One-way Delay parameter, defined as in [RFC2679].</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>UplinkOneWayPacketLoss</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the value, for the Uplink connection, of the One-way Packet Loss parameter, defined as in [RFC2680].</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>UplinkPacketDelayVariation</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the value, for the Uplink connection, of the Packet Delay Variation parameter, defined as in [RFC3393].</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>DownlinkOneWayDelay</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the value, for the Downlink connection, of the One-way Delay parameter, defined as in [RFC2679].</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>DownlinkOneWayPacketLoss</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the value, for the Downlink connection, of the One-way Packet Loss parameter, defined as in [RFC2680].</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>DownlinkPacketDelayVariation</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Required -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <chr/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This node contains the value, for the Downlink connection, of the Packet Delay Variation parameter, defined as in [RFC3393].</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
        </Node>
        <Node>
          <NodeName>Samples</NodeName>
          <!-- Status: Optional -->
          <DFProperties>
            <AccessType>
              <Get/>
            </AccessType>
            <DFFormat>
              <node/>
            </DFFormat>
            <Occurrence>
              <One/>
            </Occurrence>
            <DFTitle>This interior node acts as a placeholder for all the samples collected if a SampleDuration valid value is set.</DFTitle>
            <DFType>
              <DDFName/>
            </DFType>
          </DFProperties>
          <Node>
            <NodeName/>
            <!-- Status: Required -->
            <DFProperties>
              <AccessType>
                <Get/>
              </AccessType>
              <DFFormat>
                <node/>
              </DFFormat>
              <Occurrence>
                <ZeroOrMore/>
              </Occurrence>
              <DFTitle>This required node is a placeholder for the various collected data sets.</DFTitle>
              <DFType>
                <DDFName/>
              </DFType>
            </DFProperties>
            <Node>
              <NodeName>UplinkDataSize</NodeName>
              <!-- Status: Required -->
              <DFProperties>
                <AccessType>
                  <Get/>
                </AccessType>
                <DFFormat>
                  <float/>
                </DFFormat>
                <Occurrence>
                  <One/>
                </Occurrence>
                <DFTitle>This node contains the amount of data uploaded in a sample, expressed in kilobytes.</DFTitle>
                <DFType>
                  <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
                </DFType>
              </DFProperties>
            </Node>
            <Node>
              <NodeName>DownlinkDataSize</NodeName>
              <!-- Status: Required -->
              <DFProperties>
                <AccessType>
                  <Get/>
                </AccessType>
                <DFFormat>
                  <float/>
                </DFFormat>
                <Occurrence>
                  <One/>
                </Occurrence>
                <DFTitle>This node contains the amount of data downloaded in a sample, expressed in kilobytes.</DFTitle>
                <DFType>
                  <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
                </DFType>
              </DFProperties>
            </Node>
            <Node>
              <NodeName>UplinkDataSpeed</NodeName>
              <!-- Status: Required -->
              <DFProperties>
                <AccessType>
                  <Get/>
                </AccessType>
                <DFFormat>
                  <float/>
                </DFFormat>
                <Occurrence>
                  <One/>
                </Occurrence>
                <DFTitle>This node contains the speed of the uplink data of a sample, expressed in kilobytes per second.</DFTitle>
                <DFType>
                  <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
                </DFType>
              </DFProperties>
            </Node>
            <Node>
              <NodeName>DownlinkDataSpeed</NodeName>
              <!-- Status: Required -->
              <DFProperties>
                <AccessType>
                  <Get/>
                </AccessType>
                <DFFormat>
                  <float/>
                </DFFormat>
                <Occurrence>
                  <One/>
                </Occurrence>
                <DFTitle>This node contains the speed of the downlink data of a sample, expressed in kilobytes per second</DFTitle>
                <DFType>
                  <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
                </DFType>
              </DFProperties>
            </Node>
          </Node>
        </Node>
      </Node>
    </Node>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>Operations</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Required -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <node/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <One/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <DDFName/>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>Start</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Required -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Exec/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <null/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <One/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <DDFName/>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
      </Node>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>Stop</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Optional -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Exec/>
            <Get/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <null/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <ZeroOrOne/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <DDFName/>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
      </Node>
      <Node>
        <NodeName>Upload</NodeName>
        <!-- Status: Optional -->
        <DFProperties>
          <AccessType>
            <Exec/>
          </AccessType>
          <DFFormat>
            <null/>
          </DFFormat>
          <Occurrence>
            <One/>
          </Occurrence>
          <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
          <DFType>
            <DDFName/>
          </DFType>
        </DFProperties>
      </Node>
    </Node>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>Status</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Required -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <chr/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <One/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node.</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <MIME>text/plain</MIME>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
    </Node>
    <Node>
      <NodeName>Ext</NodeName>
      <!-- Status: Optional -->
      <DFProperties>
        <AccessType>
          <Get/>
        </AccessType>
        <DFFormat>
          <node/>
        </DFFormat>
        <Occurrence>
          <ZeroOrOne/>
        </Occurrence>
        <DFTitle>See [DiagMonTS] for description of this node</DFTitle>
        <DFType>
          <DDFName/>
        </DFType>
      </DFProperties>
    </Node>
  </Node>
</MgmtTree>
